# COLD-LIFE
COLD WORLD       People go through so much stuff to the point to where they don’t know what to do. It’s hard to live in this world like this. There are ( guns, drugs, and a lot of other things that we see taking lil kids lives. We don’t want to be one of them kids that are getting hurt for no reason but being in the wrong spot at the wrong time and it’s sad. The world really needs to change because it’s to the point of where kids/teens between the ages of 15- 18 are scared for their lives because there are cops in this world that are killing kids/teens. This isn't the time for us as people to be killing each other it’s the time to be picking each other up. People just don’t know what it does to a person when you put them down. It’s not a real good thing to do or have happen to a person. I wonder why people think that it’s ok to do wrong to others.  There are more than enough churches for people to go to so they can talk about their problems. With saying that that means that there shouldn’t be no killings but people don’t know how to control themselves. Parents don’t have children to have them be killed over something so stupid or dumb. They have them so they can pass their history down.  7/2/16 As I said we are really living in our very last days on the earth. I’m not saying that the people that have lost their lives was their fault it wasn’t it’s life but it’s happening way way too fast. We as the people of our communities need to start take control of our communities, homes, cities, and our town. This is the time this is the moment that we need to come together and take control. We can make a change if we the people of the united states of america work together.   We can make a change if we the people of the united states of america work together.
